[Added] Blanket Order-Added description for order type 'purchasing' (#668)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/selling/blanket-order.md

## 1. Prerequisites
Before creating and using a Blanket Order, it is advised that you create the following first:

> * [Customer](/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/customer)/[Supplier](/docs/user/manual/en/buying/supplier)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Customer](/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/customer) or [Supplier](/docs/user/manual/en/buying/supplier)
```

* [Item](/docs/user/manual/en/stock/item)

> ## 2. How to Create a Blanket Order for Sales as well as Purchase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. How to Create a Blanket Order for Sales and Purchase
```

### 3.2 View Sales Orders Created against Blanket Order

Click on View Orders button to view the list of sales orders created against this blanket order. 

### 3.3 Create Purchase Orders

> The Ordered Quantity field will be updated once a Purchase Order is placed. Once a blanket order is submitted, you can create new purchase orders by clicking on the Create Purchase Order button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'Ordered Quantity' field will be updated once a Purchase Order is placed. Once a Blanket Order is submitted, you can create new Purchase Orders by clicking on the **Create Purchase Order** button.
```

### 3.4 View Purchase Orders Created against Blanket Order

> Click on View Orders button to view the list of purchase orders created against this blanket order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the **View Orders** button to view the list of Purchase Orders created against this Blanket Order.
```

**Note-** Multiple Sales Order and Purchase Order can be created against one Blanket Order.

### 4. Related Topics

> * [Sales Order](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-order)/[Purchase Order](/docs/user/manual/en/buying/purchase-order)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Sales Order](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-order)
* [Purchase Order](/docs/user/manual/en/buying/purchase-order)
```
